Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/round.md

$round[number;(decimalPlace)]
```

### Parameters
- `number` `(Type : F2 || Flag : Required)` : The number to round.

> - `decimalPlace` `(Type : Integer || Flag : Vacantable)` : The decimal place to round the number to. Default as `0`. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `number` `(Type: Float || Flag: Required)`: The number to round.
- `decimalPlace` `(Type: Integer || Flag: Vacantable)`: The number of decimal places to round the number to. Defaults to `0`.
```
